# ![NSII Logo](images/nsii-long-trial-gold-cpu.png)

- [Home](README.md)
- [About Us](AboutUs.md)
- [Research](Research.md)
- [Publications](Publications.md)
- [Contact Us](ContactUs.md)

## Mission Statement

Our mission is to create a multi-disciplinary Think Tank that inspires,
educates, and supports the next generation of thinkers and innovators.
We are committed to providing a platform that encourages creativity,
collaboration, and the exchange of ideas across diverse backgrounds and
skillsets. Our goal is to empower students, to develop and pursue their
passions through exciting projects and competitions that challenge them
to think critically and push the boundaries of what is possible. Through
our work, we aim to inspire and equip the next generation of leaders and
changemakers who will shape the future of our world. We are committed to
making a positive impact on our community and the world at large, and
together, we have the power to make a real difference and create lasting
change.

![Undergrad members collaborate on project.](home-photo1.jpg)

Undergrad members collaborate on project.

![STEM student working with breadboard.](home-photo2.jpg)

STEM student working with breadboard.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="publications2"></span>

## Publications

Explore our latest publications, and stay up to date on the latest
trends and insights in the field. Our experts are constantly exploring
the latest trends and technologies, and we are dedicated to sharing our
findings with the world.

#### 2022 Inter-University Big Data Challenge

NSII entered a team into the 2022 Inter-University Big Data Challenge
hosted by STEM Fellowship. The team consisted of Neel Shah, Isaac Bahler
and Samantha Chong. The team won the 1st place Scientific Communications
Award, winning \$1000.00 and a waived APF at STEM Fellowship Journal.
The team is currently pursuing publication of their work.

[Read Report](Publications.md)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="research2"></span>

## Research & Reports

Explore our latest research and reports, and stay up to date on the
latest trends and insights in the field. Our experts are constantly
exploring the latest trends and technologies, and we are dedicated to
sharing our findings with the world.

#### Catalyst Challenge: CleanTech Coast-to-Coast

NSII competed in the Catalyst Challenge: CleanTech Coast-to-Coast in
August of 2022. The team consisted of Neel Shah (Team Lead), Benjamin D.
Fedoruk (Team Manager), Isaac Bahler, Russell Frost and Samantha Chong.
Although the team did not win any prizes, a strong solution was posed.
The team proposed Mjolnir, a service for nuclear energy companies to
improve the likelihood of IAA approval by leveraging sentiment analytic
insights..

[Read Report](Publications.md)

Copyright Â© 2023 NSII, All rights reserved.
