# ![NSII Logo](images/nsii-long-trial-gold-cpu.png)

- [Home](README.md)
- [About Us](AboutUs.md)
- [Research](Research.md)
- [Publications](Publications.md)
- [Contact Us](ContactUs.md)

## Research & Reports

Explore our latest research and reports, and stay up to date on the
latest trends and insights in the field. Our experts are constantly
exploring the latest trends and technologies, and we are dedicated to
sharing our findings with the world.

<span id="Catalyst Challenge: CleanTech Coast-to-Coast"></span>

### Catalyst Challenge: CleanTech Coast-to-Coast

NSII competed in the Catalyst Challenge: CleanTech Coast-to-Coast in
August of 2022. The team consisted of Neel Shah (Team Lead), Benjamin D.
Fedoruk (Team Manager), Isaac Bahler, Russell Frost and Samantha Chong.
Although the team did not win any prizes, a strong solution was posed.
The team proposed Mjolnir, a service for nuclear energy companies to
improve the likelihood of IAA approval by leveraging sentiment analytic
insights.

![CatalystChallengeInfographic](images/CCCTCTC-Day1.png)

<span id="REO Blueprint Competition"></span>

### REO Blueprint Competition

NSII submitted two teams to the 2022 REO Blueprint Competition, hosted
by STEM Fellowship. Results are currently pending. On one team, Isaac
Bahler and Russell Frost used a multimodal sentiment analysis system to
eliminate climate change deniers and to distribute materials over social
media. The other team, Samantha B. Chong and Jason Thai used statistical
models to predict the optimal crop for environmental and sustainable
growth.

Your web browser doesn't have a PDF plugin. Instead, you can [click here
to download the PDF
file.](misc/pdfs/2022_REO_Blueprint_Competition_Russell_Isaac.pdf)

Your web browser doesn't have a PDF plugin. Instead, you can [click here
to download the PDF
file.](misc/pdfs/REO_Blueprint_Project_2022_Sam_and_Jason.pdf)

<span id="MEDLIFE Movement Case Competition"></span>

### MEDLIFE Movement Case Competition

NSII competed in the MEDLIFE Movement Case Competition in March of 2022.
The team consisted of Benjamin D. Fedoruk, Alden O'Cain, Kai Fucile
Ladouceur and Isaac Bahler. The team won the ICUBE Third Place Award,
winning \$100 as a result. The team proposed Edu-Act Peru, a solution to
address the ongoing healthcare crisis in Peru. Edu-Act is a
three-layered system to assist with the transport of patients to and
from medical centers. Our solution encorporates HealthDecks,
HealthBeacons and MediLink.

Your web browser doesn't have a PDF plugin. Instead, you can [click here
to download the PDF file.](misc/pdfs/Edu_Act_Peru.pdf)

<span id="STEM Fellowship's York Indicium Research Competition1"></span>

### STEM Fellowship's York Indicium Research Competition

A team from NSII competed in the STEM Fellowship's York Indicium
Research Competition. The team, consisting of Benjamin Fedoruk, Neel
Shah and Amanda Showler, created a poster along with mentor Dr. Peiying
(Jennifer) Tsai. Our research, Titled Darwinian MAVs: The Biomimicry of
a Hybridization of Small Birds' Flight Patterns in the UAV Context,
proposes an abstraction and hybridization approach to ornithopter-type
micro-aerial vehicle (MAV) design. Darwinian evolution and Survival of
the Fittest ensures that nature is well-designed. Thus, when designing
MAVs, it is advisable to mimic natural patterns under specific use
cases. Although the team did not win the competition, we plan on
continuing our research and presenting at a conference.

# An error occurred.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaBx_l78Wow"
target="_blank">Try watching this video on www.youtube.com</a>, or
enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

<img
src="images/Darwinian%20MAVs_%20The%20Biomimicry%20of%20a%20Hybridization%20of%20Small%20Birds&#39;%20Flight%20Patterns%20in%20the%20UAV%20Context%20--%20Poster.png"
alt="something went wrong.." />

<span id="AutoGuardian by SmartCone Beaumont Whitepaper"></span>

### AutoGuardian by SmartCone Beaumont Whitepaper

Benjamin Fedoruk and Kai Fucile Ladouceur of Team NSII worked with
AutoGuardian by SmartCone to perform data analysis and draft a
whitepaper. The work surrounding the implementation of a radar
pedestrian beacon system in Beaumont, AB. The project's goal is to
create safer and more walkable roads for all road users.

Your web browser doesn't have a PDF plugin. Instead, you can [click here
to download the PDF
file.](misc/pdfs/AutoGuardian_Beaumont_Case_Study.pdf)

<span id="2021 IBM DataJam Against Exploitation"></span>

### 2021 IBM DataJam Against Exploitation

NSII participated in the 2021 IBM DataJam Against Exploitation in May
2021. Although the team did not place in the top 3, we were happy to
participate. We worked to create a series of genera discussing various
policies to fight human trafficking, while taking into account that
various jurisdictions will have differing optima/requirements. This
realization was achieved using various data analysis, which produced an
optimal freedom score for minimizing human trafficking.

# An error occurred.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuhJKgtnMTw"
target="_blank">Try watching this video on www.youtube.com</a>, or
enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

# An error occurred.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxe054ByvoY"
target="_blank">Try watching this video on www.youtube.com</a>, or
enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

<span id="STEM Fellowship's York Indicium Research Competition2"></span>

### STEM Fellowship's York Indicium Research Competition

![something went wrong..](images/challenge4climateaction.jpg)

NSII competed in the \#Challenge4ClimateAction Datathon Stream hosted by
Convergence.Tech in March/April of 2021. We placed second among over 70
teams from across the world. We explored the correlation between carbon
pricing policies, and carbon emissions. We provided a list of 20 Calls
to Action for various stakeholders.

# An error occurred.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e48Nt0Zbzzs"
target="_blank">Try watching this video on www.youtube.com</a>, or
enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

# An error occurred.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRuOzZP6cc0"
target="_blank">Try watching this video on www.youtube.com</a>, or
enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

Copyright Â© 2023 NSII, All rights reserved.
